So, this is how we're kicking
off Thanksgiving, huh?
Watching
a second-grade president
on a power trip
pardon a turkey?
Sad thing is, this is
the highlight of my week.
Give Rory a break.
He's running for re-election.
I spent all night
helping him
with his Barack Obama
impression.
Uh, look,
uh, I want to be clear.
That's pretty good.
Thanks.
Hey.
Miggy's gonna be a minute.
He's stuck in
the security line.
This ain't right.
We all got
a job to do.
Hey, Room Parent,
I saw your coffee station.
A little worried those beans
weren't farmed responsibly.
Yeah, that's because
they weren't.
Move along, please.
Hm.
Pronstroller -- she just
broke up with her boyfriend,
so now all of her extra energy
is directed on me.
She texted me last night,
asking if I was okay with
non-gendered CPR dummies.
Hmm.
I have no opinion
in these matters.
Tell you what I do know --
that woman needs a man.
Uh --
Will, why don't you
take her off my hands?
I'm dating someone.
Tracy Freeze?
I told you I'm bringing her
to your Thanksgiving?
Hey, Miggy.
Did you know if you don't have
kids at this school,
they put you on a list?
Check this -- you and me,
we're gonna be
the only single losers
at Thanksgiving.
Oh, you're not
gonna love this,
but, um, I've been seeing
someone for a few weeks.
We're vibing pretty hard!
I'm gonna bring her.
Really?
So, it's just gonna be me
and Tony
at the singles table.
Well, actually,
Cassandra and Tony
are back together again.
She stopped gambling,
and he's actually learning
how to listen.
* 'Cause we're number one *
* Number one, number one,
number one, number one *
* Number one, number one *
Good morning, Hilltop.
Today, I would like to grant
a presidential pardon
to a very special guest.
Please welcome Cookies!
"Hail to the Chief" plays
Whoa!
Code Blue!
Get him out!
Let's go!
-- Captions by VITAC --
Oh.
Hello, Tony.
Happy Thanksgiving.
I thought I was doing
the turkey,
but I guess we have
two turkeys.
What a blessing.
Well, he's doing it again.
Tony always has to one-up me
at the holidays.
This is just like Labor Day.
You know what?
Tony is an old man.
The only thing
he's at war with is time.
Well, looks like my hands
are gonna be full,
so can you do me a favor
and hang out with Tracy
when she gets here?
Oh, really, dude?
The one good thing about
being single on Thanksgiving
is being able to drink
without having responsibility
for anybody but myself.
Isn't Graham here?
Probably.
Look, it'll be easy.
You and Tracy are friends.
We've said, like, four words
to each other ever --
"Hi," "Hello," "Hey,"
and "Nice shoes,"
which is just girl-speak for
"Hello," so, doesn't count.
Angie, this is Tracy and I's
first holiday together,
and, more importantly,
my first opportunity
to cook her a bird.
So the stakes
could not be higher.
I'm begging you, please
just put in a little effort.
Today is about gathering
and sharing in the...
Oh, no,
that's fine, Tony.
Use as much of my sea salt
as you need.
Son of a bitch.
What are we doing?
The guests are arriving.
And you know this is
a white Thanksgiving,
so folks are gonna
want to eat at 2:00.
I just want to
savor this moment
before we're besieged
with riffraff --
and yes, I am including
our kids in that mix.
Oh. Well, I don't know.
It's such a big house.
So many rooms
to give thanks in.
Indeed.
Including rooms
I've never seen before.
Oh, that door's
locked.
Can we unlock it?
Let's not ruin
the sensual atmosphere
with questions.
Uh-huh.
Time to play host.
Okay.
Sorry, but what's
behind the door?
Oh, your ass
gonna get opened.
This is the life.
Why do we need to wait
for holidays to relax?
Every Thursday
should be like this.
Emma Fogerty's
off the clock.
Feels good to
let the gut out.
Fine, I'll get it.
Got forbid I lay down
for five seconds.
Ms. Homily Pronstroller!
Graham.
Happy Genocide Day.
My teacher.
In my temporary home?
Who's watching
the school?
Hi, friends.
Uh, what are we doing
with our day?
I hope we're not
just lying around.
Um...no.
No.
We are in
our comfy pants...
because we are rehearsing
our Thanksgiving play.
Well, I'm sure it'll reflect
everything I've taught you
and not traditional
holiday stereotypes.
Graham: Great. Now we got to
come up with a play.
We're screwed.
Do any of you even remember
the Thanksgiving unit?
No.
If I thought I wasn't
gonna direct a play
today, I was crazy.
To the sauna!
Okay, so you're really just
gonna let it sit...
You're dating
the teacher?
Yeah.
Did you think I was
hanging out at your kids'
school for no reason?
And none of you
said anything?
Oh, this is fantastic.
I was hoping
she'd start dating again
so she'd have more in her life
than just ordering me around.
Miggy, my simple friend,
you are the answer
to my prayers.
Our vibe is electric.
Me plus her equals heart emoji
plus fireworks emoji
plus a double dose
of train emojis.
It's an inside joke.
Mm.
Douglas, did you get my text
about the blow-up snowman
we got
for the holiday pageant?
Well, it didn't come
with a motor,
so you're gonna have to
blow it up with your mouth.
I did and will
certainly get to it.
I just wouldn't want to take
time away from you and Miggy.
You call that vibe
electric?
Why didn't you
say anything?
Oh, we've never talked.
You're dating someone
you've never talked to?
That's how people date
in the digital age.
It's all about
sliding into DMs,
GIFs, likes, reposts,
double taps.
You feel me?
I do not, nor will I ever.
Nice shoes, Tracy.
Oh, nice shoes to you.
Hmm.
Did I say
"nice shoes"?
Yeah.
Did I say it back?
Mm.
You know,
it's been a while
since I've done
a group Thanksgiving.
Most years,
I just do Walter's Diner.
Shut up.
You know Walter's?
Yes! Of course.
It's exclusively for
sad and single people.
It's like
the middle seat on a plane,
but a restaurant.
Huh.
Tracy Freeze knows Walter's.
Did not see that coming.
Oh, yeah.
I'm a wild card.
Check this -- I have
a bearded dragon named BJ.
What?
No way.
Yeah. No cage.
Just loose in my house.
Okay, Freeze.
I'm not changing the channel.
What else you got?
Miggy?
A moment?
Yo.
Listen.
I just got another e-mail
from Pronstroller.
Subject heading -- "Clear
your next five Saturdays."
I thought you were gonna
get her off my back.
Dude, I told you, people my age
don't have conversations.
Well, maybe it's time
you learned how to have one.
In fact...Pronstroller?
Both of you, in my study,
10 minutes.
And you may want
to brace yourself,
because I have
multiple paintings
by George W. Bush
in there.
Oh.
You're kidding.
I am not kidding!
Oh.
This printer is stylish
and fire-resistant.
Oh.
Snerfink.
Mm.
Make a note of it
in your phone.
S-N-E-R-F...
Mm-hmm.
...I-N-K.
I-N-K.
Mm-hmm.
I am sold.
I am buying one.
Can't!
It was recalled years ago.
No.
Okay, your turn.
Okay.
Um...let's see.
I told you about...
the Chipotle
I co-own in Memphis,
my meltdown at
the Laugh Factory...
Ah.
...how I was in the test trial
of NuvaRing.
I feel like that's it.
Dig deep, Freeze.
I'm gonna go gas up,
and when I come back,
I want juicy.
Juice.
I think Tony put something
in my gravy.
How's it going with Tracy?
Seems like you guys are bonding.
We are.
Will, did you know
that Tracy is actually cool?
Like, you are dating
a cool person.
She's got a frickin'
loose lizard in her house.
Well, Angie, and I mean this
in the nicest way possible --
in your face.
So, you want me
to tell you
everything I know
about Thanksgiving.
Yeah, and hurry. Or do you not
want me to go to college?
Okay.
Um...Plymouth Rock.
Corn is maize.
Um...Santa Maria?
That was Columbus.
Are you kidding me?
This was a waste
of my time.
Alright.
You were right.
I was wrong.
She's perfect.
Are you happy?
I will be happy when I am
standing on Tony's grave.
Tony, don't touch
that stuff!
I'll preheat your ass to 350!
Oh, Angie, do you know
anything about...
Of course you don't.
Hey, uh,
I thought of something juicy
to tell you about me.
Ooh.
Juice me, Freeze.
But remember, you can't tell
anyone, especially Will.
Mama loves a secret.
Come on.
I, um...
I don't like Sophie.
Hey-o!
But for real, what is it?
No, for real.
That kid is so annoying.
Ooh!
Yeah.
Right?
Mm!
Oh, God.
This is fun.
Mm-hmm.
What fun.
We're still having fun.
Mm.
Alrighty. First things first --
give me your phones.
What?
I'll give them back to you
when we're done. Come on.
Miggy,
what are you doing?
Oh. Sometimes,
when I don't have my phone,
my thumb continues texting.
Stop it!
Alright, I've come up
with a few everyday
conversation starters.
"Baseball
Hall of Famers."
"Poetry -- Why?"
"Conical-shaped
brassieres."
"How to look like a gentleman
in the hot summer months."
Now, that is a rich vein,
and you may find yourself musing
on the subject of shorts.
Are they ever appropriate?
You'll get there
on your own.
Oh, hey, Poppy.
There you are.
I've got to talk to you.
Wait, what are you doing?
Douglas won't tell me
what's behind this door,
so
I'm breaking in.
Yeah. My thing's
more interesting.
Look.
Get this, alright?
Will's girlfriend,
Tracy Freeze,
said she doesn't like Sophie.
Bombshell.
Wait.
How is that a bombshell?
Because.
Wouldn't you be upset
if Douglas said
Rory was annoying?
Oh, I'm pretty sure Douglas
does find Rory annoying,
because -- news flash --
kids are annoying.
Ooh, that should be
a slogan for condoms.
Anyway, Ang, please tell me
you didn't make
a big deal out of this.
Relax, alright?
On the inside,
I was super judgmental,
but on the outside,
I said all the right things.
Oh, God.
I can't believe I said I didn't
like my boyfriend's daughter.
That is a big problem.
And also, I meant it.
Ohhh.
Are Will and I doomed?
I meeeeeean...
Oh, no.
You "I meaned" her?
"I mean"
is a neutral statement.
Yeah, but what about
the high-pitched part?
That part I can't explain.
Look, don't you think that
Will should know about this?
Okay, look, Ang, I'm on
my own deadline here, okay,
so let's
speed things along.
Permission to switch
into bitch mode.
Permission granted.
Bitch, what is this
really about?
Are you hating on
other people's relationships
just because you're the only
single person here?
Bitch, do not
single-shame me, alright?
I may not be
in a relationship,
but at least I'm not
trying to break into
my boyfriend's
locked door.
Bitch,
that man had a secret son.
For all I know, there's a twin
brother behind that door,
or -- or a dead wife
or illegally imported
skin products
I could use just in case
black does crack.
Now, look, Ang,
Will and Tracy's relationship
is not your business.
So just support him.
He'd do the same for you.
You're right, okay?
I will let it go.
But for the record,
I'm not the only
single person here.
None of the kids
have dates.
Yes, bitch.
Hey, have you seen Poppy?
Will: No.
Have you seen Tracy
or Angie or Miggy
or any of our children?
Where is everyone?
What the hell happened
to your hand?
The short version is,
I punched Tony's turkey.
Will you cut
the guy a break?
He's a good egg,
and he's had a hard life.
He's seen things --
usually through the sight
of a high-powered rifle.
What was that?
That's the sound of
two 24-year-olds
attempting to have
a conversation.
They must have gotten to the
card that says "Desert Storm."
Right.
Wait, what?
We had to invade.
Saddam had us by the balls --
Oh, God!
Hey, Douglas.
Great flashcards.
Hope you don't
want them back.
It's been two hours,
and we're nowhere.
What do we do?
You know what? I say we stage
a medical emergency.
Sophie,
let me see you faint.
You do it.
Fine.
Take notes, babies.
It's '97,
and we've just lost
our princess.
Hey, guys.
Who said that?
Are you an angel?
Yeah.
Have you seen Tracy?
No.
Hey, Angie,
what the heck?
I just got a text.
Tracy said she left?
Oh, my God.
Okay. Come with me.
And scene.
Mm. Ah.
Mm.
Hey, D, you want to
get in on this?
Do I want to drink from
the faucet with you?
I do not.
Okay.
Uh, guess you didn't need
those flashcards.
No, we did. We got to one
that said "boat names,"
and I was like,
"I don't know any,"
and she was like,
"Let's have sex."
And you obliged,
in my home.
Well, at least things with
you two are moving along.
Nah, we're through.
We DM'd, we liked each
other's posts, we had sex.
That's the arc.
No, no, no.
The arc is
you keep seeing her
so I can get back to a world
with no nut allergies
and where everyone knows
what gender they are.
Yeah, but I don't know if
I really like Pronstroller.
I barely know her.
Well, then why end it
before you find out?
Come on. Don't pretend
like you care.
I do.
I started to like the idea
of you having someone.
I was tired of watching you
walk around alone
with your weird hat
and weird baby.
He is weird, right?
Listen, you can always go back
to your BMs,
but you have to
ask yourself --
"Maybe I'm ready for
something more real."
You mean like
what you have with Poppy?
Do not discuss
my private life.
But yes.
Hey, guys,
the play is almost...
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
No one's buying it,
Rory.
God, this kid's
annoying.
Will: Walter's?
Isn't this place for
people without families,
loved ones, or hope?
No depression, no despair,
no service.
Oh, no.
Tracy is here.
Ugh,
this is all my fault.
I got so caught up
in my feud with Tony,
I didn't spend any time
with my girlfriend.
What if that was
Tony's plan all along?
Will, no.
This is actually on me.
We started talking
about your relationship,
and I may have
spooked her.
What? How?
It was accidental.
Oh. I specifically asked you
to be supportive this time.
A-And I was, and it was
going really well.
I even shared
some of Douglas' wine --
the good stuff that I hoard
for myself in the sauna.
But then she said something
that I didn't love,
and I tried to be cool --
Oh, God.
You "I meaned" her.
No. I never said that.
You "I mean" me
all the time.
Why do you think
I have a beard again?
Is that why
that thing is back?
You do think I look
better with it, right?
I meeeeeeean...
Well, now, I am very confused.
Okay, look.
Tracy is great, okay?
And maybe
I was feeling down
about being the only
single person at Thanksgiving,
and I took it out on her.
But you're in a good
relationship --
over the holidays.
That never happens.
So, go.
Get your girl.
Thanks.
Wait. What did Tracy say
that upset you?
She just said that...
she was very excited
to try Tony's turkey.
Oh, yeah?
Well, is she also excited
for him to go straight to Hell?
Don't do this. Just go.
Okay.
That's what
I'm talking about, Walter.
Keep that diner single.
Are you okay?
I haven't seen you all day.
Look.
The truth is,
I got in my head
that you're hiding
something in here.
And this is your next
logical step?
Hey, in my defense,
you've had your share
of skeletons, Douglas.
Okay, you're right.
I haven't been an open book.
But I promise you, I'm not
hiding any more adult sons.
Why'd you specify
adult sons?
You know what?
I'm sorry.
I'm just --
I'm paranoid because...
I haven't been in something
this good in a while,
and you're making me
a little crazy.
You think you're crazy?
I just lectured Miggy
on the benefits of romance,
and that was only 50%
out of self-interest.
That's what you're doing
to my brain.
You actually make me thankful
on Thanksgiving.
For me?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm thankful
for you, too.
And I meant
everything I said.
But I really got to know
what's behind this door.
So, can you...
You are unbelievable.
Well, I-I just
want to see it.
Well, that's a real
let-down.
Yeah.
Hey, so, uh,
I made a couple of cards.
They're not as good
as Douglas',
but...I-I want to
get to know you.
Okay.
"Food."
"Table."
"Chairs."
W-Were these just things
you were looking at?
Yeah, yeah. You know what?
You're right. These are stupid.
No, no.
I want to talk.
Let's do, um...food.
Okay.
Um...I...
I like ranch dressing.
I love ranch!
It's my second-favorite food,
after ketchup.
So, is everything cool
with Tracy?
Yeah.
I, uh, I think I'll wait
till after the holidays
to bring up
the Tony thing --
if they aren't sleeping
with each other by then.
Or you could drop it
and never bring it up.
Oh, Angie.
Permission to go
full bitch mode?
Denied.
Damn it.
I'm gonna go check
on my turkey.
So...glad you and Will
worked things out.
We did.
And thank you for
bringing him to Walter's
and not spilling any of that
crazy stuff I said.
Oh.
Of course.
I mean, you know,
the truth is, it's...
it's not that crazy.
I didn't really get kids
until I had one of my own.
And even now,
I'm only half on board.
Kidding.
Wonderful child.
I get it, Angie.
You and Will
are both parents.
You'll always
have that bond.
I'm not part
of your club.
Oh. Well, no,
that's not what I meant.
It's all good.
And it was fun almost making
friends with you tonight.
Almost?
But I thought we had
a good time.
We did.
But I don't think
we're gonna do that again.
Thank you
for keeping my secret,
and I promise
I will keep yours.
Wait, what secret?
I think you know.
You're in my seat.
Oh.
You must be Cassandra.
Graham:
Mom, over here.
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I present Tony's turkey.
Wow.
As big as a condor
and twice as delicious.
But also,
probably more important,
is save some room for my turkey,
which will be out shortly.
It's just someone
turned off the oven.
But you don't know anything
about that, do you, Tony?
There. There.
He just smiled.
Did you see that?
Did you see?
He's 110 pounds
of pure evil.
Okay, well,
just eat the damn turkey.
Fine.
I will eat this slop,
but I will not be happy about --
Oh.
Oh, my God.
It's the best thing
I've ever tasted in my life.
It's my own fault.
All those times I punched it
made it more tender.
Okay.
Tony, you've done it again.
Tony.
Tony?
Ah, let him sleep.
He has a 5k tomorrow.
To Thanksgiving.
All: Happy Thanksgiving.
This is the story
about Thanksgiving --
a story that reflects
all of the knowledge
bestowed upon us
by our guest of honor,
Ms. Pronstroller.
Pilgrims.
Native Americans.
A new world.
Turkeys.
-Cranberries.
-A boat.
-Two boats.
-Three boats.
Possibly four boats.
Is this all
they've learned this year?
Please e-mail all concerns
to Douglas.